### What are your core teaching values and philosophy?
I think if you are teaching, you should have deep domain knowledge and expertise over the subject you are trying to teach. Teaching and learning coincide where the teacher can sometimes learn from the student when they constructively integrate new knowledge in surprising and insightful ways you (the teacher) haven't previously considered (re: social learning). The teacher and the student must remain open-minded. It's easy for teachers to fall into a trap where they think they "know-it-all" - I think the best students and learners make the best teachers. Communication is key - the ability to structure the knowledge being taught and last, but not least, application and active learning. Activities, labs, hackthons, simulations, experiments, all make the best assessments - learn by doing.

### What unique constraints do you face (institutional, technological, time)?
Time is a big one. Business and demand moves fast and we try to be elastic and responsive, but that time to content velocity sometimes comes with trade-offs. To be perfectly candid, rushing to "teach" or conduct a "training" makes for some half-baked, ineffective courses that people end up relying on or find was a waste of time. There are enablement strategies to overcome this (using technology and methodologies such as micro and nano-learnings, minimum viable instruction, job aids, just-in-time teaching, etc.). The time constraint naturally emerges from institutional constraints with not enough resources, too many competing demands from the ID and the SME, etc. Technlogical constraints are something that can also pose a challenge as well, but in my experience, those constaints largely have come about due to institutional technical debt.

### What are your students typically like (background, challenges, goals)?
Being a corporate ID, we have mutli-generational backgrounds with varied experiences and differing levels of domain expertise. The challenge is to impart the "wisdom" of experience to the newer cohorts while simultaneously building the newer cohorts skill levels fast. We also have to keep experienced cohorts fresh and on the "cutting edge" of their domain. 

### What teaching methods/learning experiences do you value most and why?
Structured learning content presented at a moderate pace with plenty of opportunity to apply what I'm learning. I can only speak for myself, but in order to fully master the material being taught, I need to take my time with it. Read it, take notes on it, ask questions, and apply it and gradually it becomes second nature through practice and application.
